I've opened up PowerShell to the project folder.
In the previous module, I showed you how to run webpack,
which we're going to do here again.
If you already have a server started,
make sure to shut it down before you proceed.
Let's run webpack for development.
I'm going to run the command yarn start.
I fast forwarded through the execution of the command,
we see the line that webpack compiled successfully,
and next I want you to look at three lines of this log.
First, the line that says Proxying, and includes the URL of localhost:9060.
The next line is Local, and this again has localhost as the URL,
this time it has a port of 9000.
The third line to note is the UI line, which has localhost again,
but this time a port of 3001.
What do these mean?
Let's look at the webpack scripts to understand.
JHipster has defined two scripts here.
The first one is for start.
This is going to run webpack in development mode.
Next, note the script for webpack:dev.
This runs the dev server and passes several options in.
These options include specifying the file where
webpack development is configured, and hot code replacement.
What we want to focus on here is the port option specified as 9060.
This is the port that tells webpack where to listen for requests on.
So this tells us what port webpack is listening on,
but what were those other ports?
Let's take a look at one of the key sections of the webpack.
dev.
js file, noted here in the options.
So in the file webpack.
dev.
js, found in the webpack folder off of the root of the project,
you're going to find a plugin section.
Here is where the BrowserSyncPlugin has been defined.
BrowserSync automatically synchronizes your browser file with
project file changes so that you don't have to keep refreshing
the page for every change that you make.
What's happening here is JHipster defined a proxy on the BrowserSyncPlugin.
This proxied the output from the webpack development
server through a browser sync.
Note that port 9000 is defined, and is the port that you access the client from.
In the console output, you saw a URL with port 3001.
If you navigated to that URL, you'll reach the BrowserSync management page.
So now you can see how JHipster has generated code to support
development and hot reload of resources.
This is a very beneficial feature for supporting faster development,
and it comes enabled out of the box.
Let's open up the browser to see the client.
I've opened up a browser and the first tab is showing the URL localhost:9000.
This was our landing page.
Let me refresh the page.
Note here on refresh that you saw a message in the upper-right
corner that said Connected to BrowserSync.
That means when changes are made,
we're going to automatically have them synced in the browser.
I have a second tab open, let me open that now,
and the URL here is localhost:3001.
This is just a management tool for BrowserSync,
and it's going to provide you features such as reloading all of your browsers,
and opening up the application directly.
Next,
let's get a basic understanding of the client structure that was generated before we start coding.